
Website Development

Santechsoft provides custom web application development to serve your business needs. From mission-critical solutions to cost-effective web applications – we build them all in full compliance with your requirements.By completing many software solutions and custom e-business software development, we have built our expertise so that we can support many business models.By developing compatible and efficient Intranet & Extranet applications, we cultivate methods to build an effective approach to each customer's situation. For that we using Microsoft Development Framework Asp.net and for scripting javascript.
Content management practices and goals vary by mission and by organizational governance structure. News organizations, e-commerce websites, and educational institutions all use content management, but in different ways. This leads to differences in terminology and in the names and number of steps in the process. For example, some digital content is created by one or more authors. Over time that content may be edited. One or more individuals may provide some editorial oversight, approving the content for publication. Publishing may take many forms: it may be the act of "pushing" content out to others, or simply granting digital access rights to certain content to one or more individuals. Later that content may be superseded by another version of the content and thus retired or removed from use (as when this wiki page is modified). Content management is an inherently collaborative process.
We also have Some advanced web desining skills:
GUI (Graphic User Interface) design
Audio, Video and Animation processing and encoding (for web usage)
Flash Capabilities (animation, audio, video, scripting)
Web content management system Deployment and/or Content management infrastructure design, development and integration
Web applications development, integration and deployment
Web server stress testing (how much traffic can a web server running a specific application endure before collapsing)
Web site security analysis & testing
Web site code optimization (which is an important aspect of search engine optimization)
Project management, QA and other aspects common to IT development
We also have Some Additional web Facilities as per customers requirement:
BULK SMS	ERP SYSTEMS	PAYMENT GATEWAY
We're confident to make the best text message service available for your business. With our unique features and SMS Marketing is useful for all types of businesses, especially in targeting the local customers. With the help of bulk SMS you can increase your sale by 200% in just a couple of days during the festivals or promotions seasons.	Enterprise resource planning (ERP) is business process management software that allows an organization to use a system of integrated applications to manage the business and automate back office functions. ERP software integrates all facets of an operation, including product planning, development, manufacturing processes, sales and marketing.	A payment gateway is a service that sends credit card transactions to the credit card payment networks for processing. When you accept credit cards through eBay checkout, eBay checkout will submit your transaction to your selected payment gateway for routing to the credit card payment networks.
Used Technologies